New feature: testing batch size (#1155)
fedbiomed/fedbiomed: docs/user-guide/researcher/model-testing-during-federated-training.md

    defined in the training plan (see section: Define Custom Validation Step) default metric will be
    `ACCURACY`.
 - `test_metric_args`: A dictionary that contains the arguments that will be used for the metric function.
 - `test_batch_size`: A value used to compute metrics using batches instead of

>  loading the full Testing dataset (specified by `test_ratio`). This option should be considered if data are very heavy, and can lead to [`MemoryError`](https://docs.python.org/3/library/exceptions.html#MemoryError) errors. By specifying it, it performs several computations over a batch of data. By using this option, you should select wisely the batch size and the metric, for some metrics can be meaningless if computed over several batches of data. `test_batch_size` should be greater or equal than `2` (enabled) or equal to `0` or `None` (disabled).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 loading the full testing dataset (specified by `test_ratio`). Setting batch size can avoid having [`MemoryError`](https://docs.python.org/3/library/exceptions.html#MemoryError) errors due to large and heavy datasets.  You should select wisely the batch size and the metric, for some metrics can be meaningless if computed over several batches of data. `test_batch_size` should be greater or equal than `2` (enabled) or equal to `0` or `None` (disabled).
```

exp.run(rounds=2, increase=True)
```

## Using Validation facility with heavy datasets

> In some specific cases, you may have some very huge datain your datasets, such as 3D images, or you want a huge validation set, that you can load on `Node`s only through batches, in order to avoid `Nodes` to crash due to lack of Memory. `Fed-BioMed` provides an option to compute validation metrics through batches, in the `TrainingArgument`: `test_batch_size`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on data type, using whole dataset can use too much space in memory (e.g 3D images) or some datasets can have high number of observations that consumes too much memory. If whole dataset is used during the testing nodes can crash due to lack of memory or computation takes longer. To avoid such issues `Fed-BioMed` provides an option to compute validation metrics through batches, in the `TrainingArgument`: `test_batch_size`.
```

> By setting `test_batch_size`, selected metrics will be computed over batches instead of computing metric using the whole dataset (which is the default behaviour). For now, `Fed-BioMed` doesnot provide a way to reconcile all these metrics under one metric (such as computing the mean of Accuracy for instance). If you want to do so, please consider defining your own `Validation step` by write your own `testing_step` method in the `TrainingPlan` (see below for further datails).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Validation will be computed over batches instead of computing metric using the whole dataset (which is the default behaviour) if `test_batch_size` is set. For now, `Fed-BioMed` does not provide a way to reconcile all these metrics under one metric (such as computing the mean of Accuracy for instance). If you want to do so, please consider defining your own `Validation step` by writing your own `testing_step` method in the `TrainingPlan` (see below for further details).
```
